Discourage using dedicated staging environment (#280)
rubocop-hq/rails-style-guide: README.adoc

=== Staging Like Prod [[staging-like-prod]]

> Avoid creating an additional `staging` environment, use `production`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid creating additional environment configurations than the defaults of `development`, `test` and `production`.
```

Author: Thanks!

> Avoid creating an additional `staging` environment, use `production`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid creating additional environment configurations other than the defaults of `development`, `test` and `production`.
```

> If certain configuration options for your staging server are different, configure them using environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a production-like environment such as staging, use environment variables for configuration options.
```
